a flash of leg the taste of temptation
the smell of corruption
and things that get bombed
the night
oh shoot
and Velma has it a brand new start to do
that see what's it all my life I wanted
to have my own Act
that's great I'll be in touch you know
I'm not quite finished yet
Mason Roxy you ain't never gonna have an
act you got connection I would have said
anything to get a piece of that
what you need is really quick he's never
lost a case
Lily can fix it my client feels that it
was the combination of liquor and jazz
which led to her downfall
hey MA you're the Velma Kelly I was
there the night that you got arrested
yeah you and a half a Chicago you can
buy that kind of publicity but in a city
where everyone loves a legend
there's a loom for one
they want some advice keep your paws off
my lawyer sweetest little jazz killer
ever the in Chicago that's the angle and
after you are in the paper today - in
the back with the obituaries they love
me they love you a lot more of your a
shame your wife is so more paper that's
Chicago
that's really see the jobs
Richard Gere are you guilty of yoga
don'ts gonna take my picture
goodnight folks that Jack Chicago